# twitter-shenanigans

## Inspiration
Whether you like or hate Donald Trump, we all have to admit that he's revolutionized the way presidents and presidential candidates interact people. With thousands of parody accounts online and Trump's unique tweeting abilities, the line between parody and reality starts to blur and confusion of what's real and what's not becomes overwhelming. As a result, I decided to make a game out of it. Every time I read a tweet by Donald Trump, I try to guess whether it is a tweet actually made by the president himself, or just a parody account just trying to get some retweets. This game turns out to be quite challenging and fun! I made this bot so I could play this game forever and to have other people hop on the enjoyment too.

## What it does
The program flips a coin and then decides on whether to display an actual tweet made by Trump, or a tweet's generated by the neural network. It's up to you to decide wither it's a real or fake tweet :)

## How I built it
The neural network was built using Python's Keras framework. The website has an HTML front-end and JavaScript and PHP back-end.

## Challenges I ran into
Training the neural network takes a LOT longer than I expected.

## Accomplishments that I'm proud of
The program actually generates _something_.

## What I learned
How to build and train a neural network using Python. What an LSTM network is. How to get a training dataset. All the good stuff :)

## What's next for twitter-shenanigans
Reach a point where the average of getting the correct answer is 50%.
